Add Hydra Ecosystem section to README (#2487)
facebookresearch/hydra: README.md

### License
Hydra is licensed under [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Hydra Ecosystem

#### Check out these third-party libraries that build on Hydra's functionality:

> * [hydra-zen](https://github.com/mit-ll-responsible-ai/hydra-zen): Configurable, reproducible, and scalable Python programs, via Hydra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [hydra-zen](https://github.com/mit-ll-responsible-ai/hydra-zen): Powerful, pythonic utilities for working with Hydra. Dynamic config generation capabilities, a Python API for launching Hydra jobs, and more.
```
